Why did I hear Xiao Xiao's cell phone ringing just now?
I'm busy right now
Make an appointment with Zhiwei in the evening, let's have hot pot and talk in detail
Tea, please, Miss Jiang. Thank you
Uh, I have something to go back to first
I put the stuff here
Please help transfer it.
Ok ok thank you
Isn't Jia Yulin a quartz student?
What qualifications do you have to come to Zheng Yuyu?
He won't regret it, will he?
Looking for a chance to say what happened to a one-night stand?
Xiao Xiao, you are here, let's go
Xiao Xiao, you have a new bag.
This new bag
Can it be cheaper?
Of course. It's the latest Hermès bag.
The bag is made of platinum
More than 3,000 to 2,180 diamonds above
I said don't waste money
My boyfriend insisted on giving me this limited edition bag.
Annoying
Okay, you like shabu beef the most. Eat more
Imin
I don't eat this cheap synthetic beef anymore.
My boyfriend specially arranges every meal
The most expensive beef mix by air from abroad
The taste is nothing compared to this synthetic meat
Thanks.
Don't you have eyes?
Can you afford my bag for tens of millions?
Excuse me, let me wipe it for you.
Just your dirty and oily hands trying to touch my bag
If you know, transfer me 100,000 dollars
I'll take it to the store for cleaning and repair.
I'm from the country.
I just worked for a long time and have no savings
I saved so much money in total
Can I give you all of them?
Here's the money
Not even a single hemming line in my bag
Call your boss
Get up first
You go out, it's alright
Hey
Xiao Xiao
We are all ordinary people, why should you make it difficult for him?
What I said is true.
I've got a mansion at the bottom of my bag
Little your bag
How to send justice coins with me today